Link to Doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cQvizfkEMkAiC5-lb0EaN8J0LC08sgSXi4TqaiWdZxk/edit?usp=sharing
Link to Jira: N/A
Sprint 3 Plan 
DataDiet | Peanuts Gang | November 17, 2019 | Revision #1 | November 4, 2019

Goal: 
We want the user to establish shareable settings, and scan food products by their barcode. We want the user to see clear warnings if any unwanted ingredients are detected in the food. We want the user to be able to search for their friends and add them so they can share their settings.

User Stories / Tasks:
User Story 1: As a user, after I sign up, I would like to establish my initial dietary preferences
Task 1: Create page after sign up occurs, that prompts user to initialize their settings. (1 hour)
Task 2:  Create document on Firestore for each user that stores their settings. (2 hours)
Task 3: Structure Cloud Firestore efficiently so settings are easily accessible. (2 hours)
Total for User Story 1: 5 hours

User Story 2: As an individual with unique dietary needs, I want to be able to easily set which foods I cannot/do not eat and have these preferences be accessible to a friend who may be shopping for me.
Task 1: Store and maintain dietary settings using Firebase so they can be shared across users. (3 hours)
Task 2: Implement the ability for users to friend people so they can view their dietary restrictions. (1 hour)
Task 3: Give users the option to import their friends’ preferences into their scanner settings so they can purchase food for them safely. (2 hours)
Task 4: Enable auto suggestions for the allergies or intolerances input to save time for users with many dietary restrictions. (1 hour)
Total for User Story 2: 6 hours

User Story 3: As a busy individual, I want to be able to quickly scan food products by their barcodes while I am shopping to see if it safe for me to eat.
Task 1: Be able to access user’s camera or photo album for scanning functionality. (1 hour)
Task 2: Use the barcode scanning API to recognize barcodes and report an error if multiple are detected at once. (1 hour)
Task 3: Utilize the USDA food database to obtain information about the scanned food product. (3 hours)
Task 4: Execute a search of the ingredients and labels found for the established dietary settings. (2 hours)
Task 5: Construct a clean product details page with search bar which clearly reports to the user any ingredients or labels that match their settings and allows them to search through the food information. (2 hours)
Total for User Story 3: 9 hours

Team Roles: 
Jeremy: Product Owner, Developer
Ashley: Scrum Master, Developer
Eric: Developer
Kenneth: Developer

Initial Task Assignment:
Jeremy:
As a busy individual, I want to be able to quickly scan food products by their barcodes while I am shopping to see if it safe for me to eat.
Use the barcode scanning API to recognize barcodes and report an error if multiple are detected at once.
Ashley:
As an individual with unique dietary needs, I want to be able to easily set which foods I cannot/do not eat and have these preferences be accessible to a friend who may be shopping for me.
Store and maintain dietary settings using Firebase so they can be shared across users.
Eric:
As a user, I want to have the ability to add my friends on the app, and have interactivity with them.
Start designing Firestore to implement friend connectiviity 
Kenneth:
As an individual with unique dietary needs, I want to be able to easily set which foods I cannot/do not eat and have these preferences be accessible to a friend who may be shopping for me.
Implement the ability for users to friend people so they can view their dietary restrictions.

Initial Scrum Board / Burnup Chart:
Being created and updated on Jira, an online agile development tool.

Scrum Times:
Monday - 1:30 pm @ BE Lab or S&E Library
Tuesday - 5:00 pm @ BE Lab or McHenry Library
Wednesday - 1:30 pm @ BE Lab or S&E Library
Thursday - 6:00 pm @ BE302 with TA
