Shared Link to Sprint 2 Plan Google Doc:
  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zZfL_w1W6aafh2iU1wBu8eatdzpDHmnerphZ-8p4YzQ/edit?usp=sharing

Sprint 2 Plan 
  DataDiet | Peanuts Gang | November 3, 2019 | Revision #1 | October 21, 2019

Goal: 
  We want the user to be able to log into their account, establish shareable settings, and scan food products by their barcode. 
  We want the user to see clear warnings if any unwanted ingredients are detected in the food.

User Stories / Tasks:

User Story 1: As a user, I want to create an account and be able to sign in easily.
  Task 1: Create login and sign up pages for the user to enter their information. (1 hour)
  Task 2: Establish user authentication through Firebase so user information is stored in a database and can be found by 
          friends. (2 hours)
  Task 3: Allow multiple methods of logging in, including Facebook and Gmail. (2 hours)
Total for User Story 1: 5 hours

User Story 2: As an individual with unique dietary needs, I want to be able to easily set which foods I cannot/do not eat 
              and have these preferences be accessible to a friend who may be shopping for me.
  Task 1: Design a settings page where the user can check off certain diets, like veganism or vegetarianism, as well as input
          allergies or intolerances if applicable. (1 hour)
  Task 2: Store and maintain dietary settings using Firebase so they can be shared across users. (3 hours)
  Task 3: Implement the ability for users to friend people so they can view their dietary restrictions. (1 hour)
  Task 4: Give users the option to import their friends’ preferences into their scanner settings so they can purchase food for
          them safely. (2 hours)
  Task 5: Enable auto suggestions for the allergies or intolerances input to save time for users with many dietary restrictions. 
          (1 hour)
Total for User Story 2: 8 hours

User Story 3: As a busy individual, I want to be able to quickly scan food products by their barcodes while I am shopping to 
              see if it safe for me to eat.
  Task 1: Be able to access user’s camera or photo album for scanning functionality. (1 hour)
  Task 2: Use the barcode scanning API to recognize barcodes and report an error if multiple are detected at once. (1 hour)
  Task 3: Utilize the USDA food database to obtain information about the scanned food product. (3 hours)
  Task 4: Execute a search of the ingredients and labels found for the established dietary settings. (2 hours)
  Task 5: Construct a clean product details page with search bar which clearly reports to the user any ingredients or labels 
          that match their settings and allows them to search through the food information. (2 hours)
Total for User Story 3: 9 hours

Team Roles: 
  Jeremy: Product Owner, Developer
  Ashley: Scrum Master, Developer
  Eric: Developer
  Kenneth: Developer

Initial Task Assignment:
  Jeremy:
      As a busy individual, I want to be able to quickly scan food products by their barcodes while I am shopping to see if it
      safe for me to eat.
      Use the barcode scanning API to recognize barcodes and report an error if multiple are detected at once.
  Ashley:
      As an individual with unique dietary needs, I want to be able to easily set which foods I cannot/do not eat and have 
      these preferences be accessible to a friend who may be shopping for me.
      Store and maintain dietary settings using Firebase so they can be shared across users.
  Eric:
      As a user, I want to create an account and be able to sign in easily.
      Establish user authentication through Firebase so user information is stored in a database and can be found by friends.
  Kenneth:
      As an individual with unique dietary needs, I want to be able to easily set which foods I cannot/do not eat and have 
      these preferences be accessible to a friend who may be shopping for me.
      Implement the ability for users to friend people so they can view their dietary restrictions.

Initial Scrum Board / Burnup Chart:
  Being created and updated on Jira, an online agile development tool.

Scrum Times:
  Monday - 1:30 pm @ BE Lab or S&E Library
  Tuesday - 5:00 pm @ BE Lab or McHenry Library
  Wednesday - 1:30 pm @ BE Lab or S&E Library
  Thursday - 6:00 pm @ BE302 with TA
